honourable senators , that is is - it past here , Tuesday last ?
a committee of selection has been achievement .
i have attended yesterday to the first meeting of this committee .
and i me surprised to this that the committee admits that it do knew too what do of the senators independent .
this who do me concern not so to the moment .
the members of the committee of selection can have a some impact .
on the business that reshape a senator to the over of the two next years .
it is is of a committee important , since , in principle , these nine senators determine to what committee sit some senators .
i me am therefore introduced to the sitting of the committee of yesterday to see that a of the nine senators was attend .
it had sent a replacement .
honourable senators , i do name person .
you see therefore to what point i am friendly , do is - this not ?
the senators will do their own research to find who was in fault .
when a person accept a work , it must the do .
the women who sit to the Senate have proven .
they remplissaient their duty many better that the majority of the men to the Senate .
i me remember of the sessions that has kept the under - committee of the former Veterans in February 1998 .
Ni the Senate or the House of the Commons do sitting to this time - there .
three senators Liberals have attended to the proceedings of the committee , all of the women .
the leaders of the Senate do have could find a man to sit to this committee .
i could you quote , word to word , this that the hon. senator Carstairs has answered to the question that i him have asked .
i him have asked : " Quels were the criteria meant ? ''
it has said that it was the first to address the question of the representation of the women in a report .
that it had drafted on the associations parliamentarians in 1993 .
Les delegations to the time were formées only of men .
in this issue , i remind that i have been replaced by the senator Finestone during few years .
however , i look still the opportunity of re - enter my association preferred .
honourable senators , i do know not how or when the House will a decision to the issue of these two reports .
every time that the senators are verdict to the television .
or wondered by a group of students , of journalists or other .
that say - we ?
this is true , and i ago believe .
however , that should is bring in the facts .
i do believe not to the replacing .
if a senator accept a position to the within of a committee , it or it should participate to all the meetings provided .
we do are not of the members which we said in the corridors :
" Présentez - you to the committee here today and , after two years of education , it ago will a vote final in committee . ''
they do know even not this on what they is viewed , but they sang the hand when their leaders sang the their .
they do know absolutely not this who is is past .
honourable senators , the words " continuité '' and " dedication '' are to the way in our speech .
in the over of the two next weeks , starting to reflect to the way which we will address the situation of the senators independent .
if we do the are doing not , i créerai my own committee of parliamentarians who is interested to the business international .
person do can we in gained .
his Honour the Speaker :
if no other hon. senator do wish take the hon. , you pleasure - it , honourable senators , of adopt the motion ?
of the members :
of agreement .
( the motion is passed , and the report is passed . )
