senators , honourable that is is - it past here , Tuesday last ?
committee a selection has been achievement .
I attended yesterday to the first meeting of this committee .
and I surprised to this that the committee admits that it do knew too what do of the senators independent .
which I do not this concern not so to the moment .
the members of the Committee of selection can have a some impact .
the business which on reshape a senator to the over of the two next years .
this is a committee important , since , in principle , these nine senators determine to what committee sit some senators .
my therefore introduced to the sitting of the committee of yesterday to see that a of the nine senators was attend .
he had sent a replacement .
senators , honourable i do name person .
you can see therefore to what point i am friendly , do is - this not ?
those senators will do their own research to find who was in fault .
when an individual accept a work , it must the do .
women who make sit to the Senate have proven .
their they remplissaient duty many better that the majority of the men to the Senate .
i remember of the sessions that has kept the under - committee of the former Veterans in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni or the House of the Commons do sitting to this time - there .
three senators Liberals have attended to the proceedings of the committee , all of the women .
the officers of the Senate do have could find a man to sit to this committee .
i could cite , word to word , this that the hon. senator Carstairs has answered to the question that i him have asked .
I asked : " Quels were the criteria meant ? ''
has said that it it was the first to address the question of the representation of the women in a report .
that what it did was drafted on the associations parliamentarians in 1993 .
at the time Les delegations were formées only of men .
on this matter , i remind that i have been replaced by the senator Finestone during few years .
however , I look still the opportunity of re - enter my association preferred .
senators , honourable i do know not how or when the House will a decision to the issue of these two reports .
each time that the senators are verdict to the television .
by a group or wondered of students , of journalists or other .
we do ? that say
it is true , and i ago believe .
however , it should is bring in the facts .
i think not to the replacing .
if a senator accept a position to the within of a committee , it or it should participate to all the meetings provided .
we are not of the members which we said in the corridors :
- " Présentez you to the committee here today and , after two years of education , it ago will a vote final in committee . ''
they do not know even not this on what they is viewed , but they sang the hand when their leaders sang the their .
they do not know absolutely not this who is is past .
senators , honourable the words " continuité '' and " dedication '' are to the way in our speech .
over the two next weeks , starting to reflect to the way which we will address the situation of the senators independent .
if we do the are doing not , i créerai my own committee of parliamentarians who is interested to the business international .
no one can we in gained .
the Speaker : his Honour
if no other hon. senator do wish take the hon. , you pleasure - it , honourable senators , of adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , and the report is passed . )
